fs.watch throws exception when recursive is used in incompatible platform (#29947)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

unavailable in some situations.

The recursive option is only supported on macOS and Windows.

> An `ERR_FEATURE_UNAVAILABLE_ON_PLATFORM` exception will be thrown,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `ERR_FEATURE_UNAVAILABLE_ON_PLATFORM` exception will be thrown
```

>  if the option is used in an incompatible platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when the option is used on a platform that does not support it.
```

>  if the option is used in an incompatible platform.

Author: thanks will be fixed.

>  if the option is used in an incompatible platform.

Author: fixed
